NAME
    TinyAuth - Extremely light-weight web-based authentication manager

DESCRIPTION
    TinyAuth is a light-weight authentication management web application
    with a focus on usability.

    It was initially created to assist in managing a subversion repository
    but also usable for anything where authentication can be run from a
    .htpasswd file.

    It provides the basic functionality needed for adding and removing
    users, and handling password maintenance with as little code and fuss as
    possible, while still applying robust and correct security practices.

    It is intended to be extremely easy to install and set up, even on
    shared hosting accounts. The interface is so simple and pages are so
    small (most under 1k) that it can be used on most limited-functionality
    browsers such as the text-mode browsers, and the strange micro-browsers
    found inside video games and mobile phones.

    The goal is to allow users and be added, removed and fixed from
    anywhere, even without a computer or "regular" internet connection.

STATUS
    TinyAuth is currently currently feature-complete and undergoing
    polishing and testing. Part of this process focuses on naming
    ("TinyAuth" is just a working codename), reduction of dependencies,
    improvements to the installer, and other similar tasks.

    Releases are provided "as is" for the curious, and installation is not
    recommended for production purposes at this time. As a consequence,
    documentation on the install process is not currently included.

SUPPORT
    All bugs should be filed via the bug tracker at

    <http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=TinyAuth>

    For other issues, or commercial enhancement or support, contact the
    author.

AUTHORS
    Adam Kennedy <adamk@cpan.org>

SEE ALSO
    <http://ali.as/>, CGI::Capture

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright 2007 Adam Kennedy.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

